tiup: Update/fix no sudo mode docs (#20437)
pingcap/docs: tiup/tiup-cluster-no-sudo-mode.md

    ```shell
    loginctl enable-linger tidb
    loginctl show-user -p Linger tidb # This should show: Linger=yes
    ```

    You can read the systemd documentation for reference, [Automatic start-up of systemd user instances](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Systemd/User#Automatic_start-up_of_systemd_user_instances).

> 4. Generate a key using `ssh-keygen` on the control machine, and copy the public key to the other deployment machines to establish SSH trust. If you have set a password for the `tidb` user, you can use `ssh-copy-id` to copy the public key to the target machine. If you use any other method, make user to check the permissions of the `/home/tidb/.ssh/authorized_keys` file.
> 
>     ```shell
>     ssh-keygen
>     ssh-copy-id tidb@host
>     ```
> 
>     Replace `host` with the hostname of the target machine and run the `ssh-copy-id` command for every machine in the cluster.
> 
>     ```
>     chown -R tidb:tidb /home/tidb/.ssh/authorized_keys
>     chmod 600 /home/tidb/.ssh/authorized_keys
>     ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
4. Generate a key using `ssh-keygen` on the control machine:

    ```shell
    ssh-keygen
    ```

5. Copy the public key to the other machines in the cluster to establish SSH trust.

    - If you have set a password for the `tidb` user, you can use `ssh-copy-id` command to copy the public key to the target machine.

        ```shell
        ssh-copy-id tidb@host
        ```

        You need to replace `host` with the hostname of the target machine and run this command on each of the other machines in the cluster.

    - If you use a different method to copy the public key, make sure to check the permissions of the `/home/tidb/.ssh/authorized_keys` file after the copy.

        ```shell
        chown -R tidb:tidb /home/tidb/.ssh/authorized_keys
        chmod 600 /home/tidb/.ssh/authorized_keys
        ```
````

   
2. Edit the topology file.

    Compared with the regular mode, when using TiUP in no-sudo mode, you need to add a line `systemd_mode: "user"` in the `global` module of the `topology.yaml` file. The `systemd_mode` parameter is used to set whether to use the `systemd user` mode. If this parameter is not set, the default value is `system`, meaning sudo permissions are required.

>     Additionally, in no-sudo mode, because the non-root `tidb` user does not have permission to use the `/data` directory as `deploy_dir` or `data_dir`, you must select a path accessible to non-root users. The following example uses relative paths and the final paths used are `/home/tidb/data/tidb-deploy` and `/home/tidb/data/tidb-data`. The rest of the topology file remains the same as in the regular mode. Another option is to use the root user to create the directories and then use `chown` to change the ownership to `tidb:tidb`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Additionally, in no-sudo mode, because the non-root `tidb` user does not have permission to use the `/data` directory as `deploy_dir` or `data_dir`, you must select a path accessible to non-root users. The following example uses relative paths, and the actual paths used are `/home/tidb/data/tidb-deploy` and `/home/tidb/data/tidb-data`. The rest of the topology file remains the same as in the regular mode. Another option is to use the root user to create the directories and then use `chown` to change the ownership to `tidb:tidb`.
```

   
## Manually repair failed check items

> **Note:**
>

> > If you use a minimal install, make sure the `tar` package is installed. Otherwise the `tiup cluster check` command will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you use a minimal install, make sure the `tar` package is installed. Otherwise, the `tiup cluster check` command will fail.
```

> > If you use a minimal install, make sure the `tar` package is installed. Otherwise the `tiup cluster check` command will fail.

Reviewer: What does "minimal install" mean? Is there any reference link?

Author: https://docs.rockylinux.org/guides/installation/#software-selection

This is in the software selection during installation

Author: https://docs.rockylinux.org/guides/installation/#software-selection

This is in the software selection during installation 

A screenshot that I found with a Google search:
![9-RockyLinux9-software-selection.jpg](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/28ec3254-038d-4276-9726-42e9495e8127)

   
## Manually repair failed check items

> **Note:**
>

> > If you use a minimal install, make sure the `tar` package is installed. Otherwise, the `tiup cluster check` command will fail.

Reviewer: What does "minimal install" mean? Is there any reference link?

Author: I answered this in another conversation

Reviewer: Do we need to update "If you use a minimal install" to "If your operation system uses a minimal install" for clarity?

Author: This is specific to RHEL/Rocky/Fedora/OEL/etc. Other distributions like Debian or Ubuntu don't have this (afaik).

But on all platforms with all installation methods it doesn't hurt to make sure that the `tar` package is installed.

I don't think changing this text adds clarity.

We could change it like this:
```suggestion
> If you use a minimal install during the installation of your Operating System, make sure the `tar` package is installed. Otherwise, the `tiup cluster check` command will fail.
```

But I think leaving this unchanged would be best.

Reviewer: OK. I agree that leaving it unchanged is likely the best approach in this case.

192.168.124.27  service       Fail    service firewalld is running but should be stopped
```

> In no-sudo mode, the `tidb` user does not have sudo permissions. As a result, running `tiup cluster check topology.yaml --apply --user tidb` cannot automatically fix the failed check items. You need to manually perform the following steps using the `root` user on the target machines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In no-sudo mode, the `tidb` user does not have sudo permissions. As a result, running `tiup cluster check topology.yaml --apply --user tidb` cannot automatically fix the failed check items. You need to manually fix it by using the `root` user on the target machines.
```

> See [Check before deployment](/check-before-deployment.md) for how to correct these.

Reviewer 3: ``
```suggestion
See [Check before deployment](/check-before-deployment.md) for how to correct these. Note that the step "Manually configure the SSH mutual trust and sudo without password" in the document needs to be skipped.

```

> For more information, see [Check before deployment](/check-before-deployment.md). Note that you need to skip the step "Manually configure the SSH mutual trust and sudo without password" in the document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see [TiDB Environment and System Configuration Check](/check-before-deployment.md). Note that you need to skip the step [Manually configure the SSH mutual trust and sudo without password](/check-before-deployment.md#manually-configure-the-ssh-mutual-trust-and-sudo-without-password) in the document.
```

> See [Check before deployment](/check-before-deployment.md) for how to correct these. Note that the step "Manually configure the SSH mutual trust and sudo without password" in the document needs to be skipped.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Check before deployment](/check-before-deployment.md). Note that you need to skip the step "Manually configure the SSH mutual trust and sudo without password" in the document.
```

> tiup cluster deploy mycluster v8.1.0 topology.yaml --user tidb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tiup cluster deploy mycluster v8.5.0 topology.yaml --user tidb
```

```

> **Note:**
>

> > You have to replace `v8.1.0` in the command above with the TiDB version that you want to deploy and `mycluster` with the name you want to give to your cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> You need to replace `v8.1.0` in the preceding command with the TiDB version that you want to deploy and `mycluster` with the name you want to give to your cluster.
```

> > You need to replace `v8.1.0` in the preceding command with the TiDB version that you want to deploy and `mycluster` with the name you want to give to your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You need to replace `v8.5.0` in the preceding command with the TiDB version that you want to deploy and `mycluster` with the name you want to give to your cluster.
```
